Release notes and version bump (#170)
AzureAD/microsoft-identity-abstractions-for-dotnet: changelog.md

9.0.0

======
## New features

> - Added a new class named `MicrosoftEntraApplicationOptions` inheriting from `IdentityApplicationOptions` and form which `MicrosoftIdentityApplicationOptions` inherit. Moved the EntraID specific 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new class named `MicrosoftEntraApplicationOptions` inheriting from `IdentityApplicationOptions` and from which `MicrosoftIdentityApplicationOptions` inherits. Moved the EntraID specific 

```

  properties related to web APIs from `MicrosoftIdentityApplicationOptions` to `MicrosoftEntraApplicationOptions`. `MicrosoftIdentityApplicationOptions` now only contains the
  properties related to web apps and B2C. See [#165](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-abstractions-for-dotnet/issues/165) for details.
- Added a `Name` property in `MicrosoftEntraApplicationOptions` to allow for dynamic discovery of ASP.NET Core authentication schemes / named options. See [#168](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-abstractions-for-dotnet/issues/168) for details.
- Changed the way the ID property is computed in ClientCredentials. All sensitive data is also now replaced by a hash. See [#163](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-abstractions-for-dotnet/issues/163) for details.

> - Added XML comments with recommendations on which CredentialSource not to use in production. See [#167](ttps://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-abstractions-for-dotnet/pull/167) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added XML comments with recommendations on which CredentialSource not to use in production. See [#167](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-abstractions-for-dotnet/pull/167) for details.

```
